influxctl 2.10.2 (#6176)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/shared/influxctl/database/list.md

> The `influxctl database list` command lists all databases in an InfluxDB Cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `influxctl database list` command lists all databases in an {{% product-name omit=" Clustered" %}}
```

> Dedicated cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cluster.
```
